{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27620\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Create a react native component for the onboarding process.\
// The requirements are as follows:\
// There should be 3 screens in total.\
// Use viewpager to display the screens. The page indicator should change when the screen changes.\
// Show only one screen at a time. The user should be able to swipe to the next screen.\
// All the screens should have a image on top and then at bottom title and description.\
// title and description text color should be white and fontsize should be 24px and 14px respectively and both should be center aligned.\
// Description padding must be 65px and margin top 25px.\
// The height of the image should be 440px.\
// Add page indicator below the description.\
// Indicator should have width and height of 5px and border radius of 5px and margin of 2.5px and background color of white.\
// Add Skip and Next button at the bottom of the screen. Skip in the first screen should navigate to the home screen. Next button should navigate to the next screen.\
// Skip and next button should be white color. The font size should be 16px. Margin bottom and Padding horizontal should be 30px.\
// Next button should have right arrow image to the right of the text.\
// Add a Get Started button in the last screen. This should navigate to the home screen.\
// Skip button should be in the left and Next button should be in the right.\
// Get Started should have background color white with padding 20px and border radius 20px.\
// Get started should cover the full width of the screen with 30px margin on both sides.\
// If the index is 3, the get started button should be visible. If the index is not 3, the get started button should not be visible.\
// When index is 3, hide the Skip and Next button. \
// Page indicator should have 3 dots. The active and inactive dot should be in white color. \
// If the indicator is active, the width should be 20px and height is 5px. and it should be center aligned.\
// The active dot should be in the center of the screen.\
// View Pager first index should have a background color of #FFAE4E. The second index should have a background color of #FFBF97. The third index should have a background color of #21B090.\
// Use the array of objects to display the data in the screens. The data must have three properties: title, description, and image.\
// Click on handleNext button should navigate to the next screen using viewpager.}