{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Create a react native functional component\
// Add back button on top left of the screen\
// Clicking on go back should navigate to previous screen\
// The screen background should be '#191820'\
// Add a title 'Hey, /n Welcome /n Back under the back button. The text should be white, font size should be 40px and font weight should be 600\
// Add a container with a text input Email Id and Password and add Forgot Password below the container. Forgot Password should be white in color and font size should be 14px and position should be to the below and right of the container.\
// Both text fields should have a placeholder text 'Email Id' and 'Password' respectively. The placeholder text color is #e4e5ea and font size should be 12px and have width 90% with 25px border radius.\
// Both text fields should have a border width of 0.5px and border color #313037. Text field background color should be #1d1c24 and text color should be white.\
// Text field should have a width of 90% and height of 50px.\
// Add icon to the left of the text field. The icon should be a email icon for email id and lock icon for password. The icon color should be #e4e5ea.\
// Add a 'Login' button under the forgot password text. The button width should be 90% and border radius should be 25px. The button text should be Login and font size should be 14px. The button background color should be #FFFFFF and text color should be black.\
// Clicking on Login should check for the email id and password. If the email id and password is empty, show an alert 'Please enter email id and password'. If the email id is not valid, show an alert 'Please enter valid email id'. If the password is less than 6 characters, show an alert 'Password should be minimum 6 characters'.\
// Add text 'or continue with' below the login button. The text color is #e4e5ea and font size should be 12px.\
// Add a button having width 90% and border radius 25px. The button text should be 'Google' and font size should be 14px. The button background color should be #000000 and text color should be white. The button should be below the 'or continue with' text.\
// The button border width is 1px and border color is #e4e5ea.\
// Add G icon to the left of the google button. The icon color should be #e4e5ea.\
// Add text below to the google button 'Don't have an account? Sign Up'. The text 'Don't have an account?' should have a opacity 0.6 and the color of text 'Sign Up' is #ffffff. font size of the complete text should be 12px.\
}