{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 // Create a react native functional component.\
// The background color of the screen should be #191820.\
// The screen should have a image at top center of the screen. Image path is from assets folder and name is bg-removed.png.\
// Image should have width 350px and height 450px and resizeMode should be contain.\
// There is a title 'Social Chatter Team.' in two lines under the image. First line should show 'Social Chatter' and second line should show 'Team'.\
// The title should have font size 40px and font weight 700.\
// Use /n to show the title in two lines.\
// Add lorem ipsum text below the title. You can use any lorem ipsum generator to generate the text.\
// The lorem ipsum text should have font size 14px and line height 24px.\
// Title should be #ffffff and description should be #e4e5ea color.\
// The layout should have two buttons and placed at the bottom of the screen. One for Login and other for Signup. Login and Signup button should placed horizontally and should have equal width.\
// The height of the layout and button should be 55px.\
// The layout background should be #3B3A41.\
// Both Login and Sign up should be treated as a Tab button. When user clicks on Login button, Login button should be selected and Sign up button should be unselected. When user clicks on Sign up button, Sign up button should be selected and Login button should be unselected.\
// The selected button should have a white background and black text color and border radius of 25px.\
// The unselected button with no background and white text color and border radius of 25px.\
// Login and Sign up text font size should be 14px.\
// Login button should be placed at left and Sign up button should be placed at right. Login button should be selected by default.\
// Click on Login button should navigate to LoginWithSocial screen.\
// Sign up button should navigate to Signup screen.}